README.md, before:

<div align="center">

![logo](docs/DeGov.AI.svg)

</div>

# DeGov.AI

DeGov.AI is an open-source, on-chain governance platform built for DAOs in the Ethereum ecosystem. It leverages the [Governor Framework from OpenZeppelin](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/governance) to deliver a robust, flexible, and transparent governance solution for decentralized organizations. See the [demo](https://demo.degov.ai/) for details.

## Features

- **Open**: Free and open-source, allowing anyone to set up their DAO's governance.
- **OpenZeppelin Integration**: Uses OpenZeppelin's governor contracts for a reliable governance foundation.
- **On-chain Governance**: Executes all actions on-chain for transparency and security.
- **AI Powered (Planned in the next milestone)**: Utilizes AI technology for improved governance decisions and recommendations.
## Setting Up Your DeGov Instance

The easiest way to deploy your own DeGov instance is by using the [DeGov Launcher](https://github.com/ringecosystem/degov-launcher). This tool simplifies the setup process, allowing you to quickly configure and launch your governance platform.

## DAOs Powered by DeGov.AI

Here are some examples of DAOs utilizing DeGov.AI for their governance needs:

- [RingDAO](https://gov.ringdao.com)
- [KtonDAO](https://gov.ktondao.xyz)
- [RCG](https://guild-gov.ringdao.com)

please feel free to add your DAO to the list by submitting a pull request.

## Contributing

We welcome community contributions! Fork the repository and submit a pull request. For major changes, open an issue to discuss your proposal first.

Commit message:

Refactor README.md for clarity and organization of features and integration guide

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![logo](docs/DeGov.AI.svg)

</div>

# DeGov.AI

DeGov.AI is an open-source, on-chain governance platform built for DAOs in the Ethereum ecosystem. It leverages the [Governor Framework from OpenZeppelin](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/governance) to deliver a robust, flexible, and transparent governance solution for decentralized organizations. Check out the apps powered by DeGov.AI at [apps.degov.ai](https://apps.degov.ai).

## Features

- **Open**: Free and open-source, allowing anyone to set up their DAO's on-chain governance.
- **Secure governance model**: Built on the OpenZeppelin Governor framework, ensuring high security and reliability. See the [Governance Model](https://docs.degov.ai/governance/intro/model) for more details.
- **AI agent voting delegation**: Enables AI agents to participate in the voting process on behalf of users, streamlining decision-making. See the [Agent Governance](https://docs.degov.ai/governance/agent/overview/) for more details.

## Integration Guide

The easiest way to deploy your own DeGov instance is by using the [DeGov Launcher](https://github.com/ringecosystem/degov-launcher). This tool simplifies the setup process, allowing you to quickly configure and launch your governance platform.
For a detailed integration guide, see [Deploy by yourself](https://docs.degov.ai/integration/deploy/).

We also provide launch assistance. See the [Launch With Assistance](https://docs.degov.ai/integration/launch/) guide for more information.

## Contributing

We welcome community contributions! Fork the repository and submit a pull request. For major changes, please open an issue to discuss your proposal first.
